First we make a paste .For that,we need to peelout the garlic from 4 to 6 cloves and cut the ginger into thin pieces .After that cut 2 to 3 green chillies .In a pan just fry 2 to 3 spoons Luchnowi fennel(saunf) with 4 to 5 small Green Cardamoms(elaichi) without any oil or butter to make it's taste better .Now just grind all the ingredients(garlic,ginger,green chillies,the fried Luchnowi fennel(saunf) with the Green Cardamoms(elaichi)) in the grinder .Now, lets cut the Paneer,for "Sounfiana Paneer Tikka" we need some thick and big paneer .After cutting the paneer,just get ready with the bamboo wooden sticks which are big in length and put it into water .Now just take a pan and put it on the flame,as the pan gets hot just put two table spoons butter in the pan .As the butter melts pour 2 big spoons Gram Flour(besan) .Fry the gram flour(besan) under the butter,after the gram flour is very less red put it into a bowl .Put the mixture of grinded (garlic,ginger,green chillies,the fried Luchnowi fennel(saunf) with the Green Cardamoms(elaichi)) in the bowl of gram flour .Now it's time to pour some masala, let's start with Turmeric Powder(haldi)1 table spoon, White Pepper Powder 1/2 table spoon, salt according to taste, if you want then you can use some Chaat Masala 1 and 1/2 table spoon, and pour 1 table spoon of lemon juice, now just mix it properly. Now it's time pour a cup of Fresh Cream. As its name is "Sounfiana Paneer Tikka" so we will put some strands of Saffron(kesar) which is very important in it and mix it. Now just put the pieces of paneer that we have cut off thickly. And mix it properly, now it's time to put it on grill or pan but not like this we will cook it by putting it on the wooden sticks that we put in water. Just put the paneer mixed with the paste on the wooden sticks one by one. If you want ,then you can also put some cubed cutted tomatoes,capcicum or onion in between the paneer in the sticks. Pour some oil on the grill or pan do that the paneer not stick at the grill or pan. Now put the sticks of paneer on grill or pan but remember that as paneer becomes red from the one side it should be turned to the other side that it don't burns and when the paneer is red from all the four sides that means that the paneer is ready to be served but remember put little amount of oil after some time and you should fry it at high flame and you can also put some lemon juice at the last when you are going to turn off the flame. After the paneer is red from all the four sides you can serve it with tomato ketchup. You can garnish it with coriander leaves and put some chaat masala and lemon juice on it to make it tasty. Now the dish "Sounfiana Paneer Tikka" is ready .